1. First, find or create the mailer template in [ActionKit email wrappers page](https://act.colorofchange.org/admin/core/emailwrapper/). Note down the wrapper AK ID. Copy the wrapper HTML and paste it in a new file in the templates/email folder in Stout. The file should be named exactly the same as in ActionKit with hyphens in between words. You may have to edit the HTML slightly if it formats incorrectly in your code. There may be some code blocks, like "preview_text" that you can comment out - this is dependent on the wrapper. Next, copy the unsubscribe HTML from the AK email wrapper page (under the body HTML section) and paste that at the end of your newly created file or in the place of an unsubscribe block, if it exists). Finally, find the content block and add a class to whatever HTML tag holds that - class="body-text". Save and close this file.
2. Take a screenshot or use an image of the template for the Stout "choose a template" page. Add this image in PNG format in the static/images/template_images folder and name it exactly as the HTML file is named with '-preview' at the end.
3. Go to fixture.json and add in a new template model. Follow the hyphen-separated-words naming convention and input the wrapper AK ID here. Run migrations again to ensure this new template is added to the Stout database.
4. Test everything works end-to-end by creating a new mailer using the template, viewing the Litmus preview, and sending to ActionKit and checking that the email wrapper is linked to the AK version correctly.
